[Doc] Update 95_Working_With_Runtime_Cache.md to use RuntimeCache clear (#15879)
pimcore/pimcore: doc/26_Best_Practice/95_Working_With_Runtime_Cache.md

\Pimcore\Model\DataObject::getById(123) === \Pimcore\Model\DataObject::getById(123, ['force' => true]) => false
```

> 
> Using a large number of objects in one process could result in a "not enough memory" error. 
> For example, iterate through thousands of objects while reading or even creating them.
> 
> All used objects will be cached in a memory, to intentionally avoid this, run the command:
> 
> ```php
> RuntimeCache::clear();
> ```
> 
> When to use it depends on your specific case, but in general, it could be used periodically in a loop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Using a large number of objects in one process could result in a "not enough memory" error.
For example, iterate through thousands of objects while reading or even creating them.
Please refer to this [section](../05_Objects/05_External_System_Interaction.md#memory-issues) to handle memory issues, which also clears runtime cache along with tasks.
```
